capital = 48

#TROOPS
oob = "BUL_1936" #VANILLA & DLC
set_convoys = 10 #VANILLA & DLC
starting_train_buffer = 2
recruit_character = BUL_konstantin_lukash
recruit_character = BUL_hristo_lukov
recruit_character = BUL_boris_iii
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_dimitrov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_mushanov
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_shalapatov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_mihailov_mihov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_popov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_hadzhipetkov
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_tenev_boydev
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_markov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_markov
recruit_character = BUL_asen_nikolov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_stoychev
recruit_character = BUL_damian_velchev
recruit_character = BUL_angel_dotsev
recruit_character = BUL_theodosi_daskalov
recruit_character = BUL_trifon_trifonov
recruit_character = BUL_asen_dobrev_nikolov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_petsov_bftb
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_ivanov_kyoseivanov
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_pavlov_zhilkov_bftb
recruit_character = BUL_sava_ivanov
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_tsankov
recruit_character = BUL_vladimir_stoychev
recruit_character = BUL_stoyan_stoyanov
recruit_character = BUL_konstantin_muraviev
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_gaidimitriv
recruit_character = BUL_bonyu_stoev_pironkov
recruit_character = BUL_zachari_zachariev
recruit_character = BUL_todor_pavlov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_dochev
recruit_character = BUL_stefan_tsanev
recruit_character = BUL_kiril_dimitrov_yanchulev
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_zhekov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_petsov
recruit_character = BUL_konstantin_muraviev_bftb
recruit_character = BUL_kiril_stanchev_bftb
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_sapundzhiev
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_pavlov_zhilkov
recruit_character = BUL_bogdan_filov_fascism
recruit_character = BUL_kiril_stanchev
recruit_character = BUL_ferdinand_kozovski
recruit_character = BUL_dimitrana_ivanova
recruit_character = BUL_bogdan_filov
recruit_character = BUL_stefan_nedev
recruit_character = BUL_blagoi_ivanov
recruit_character = BUL_stoycho_mushanov
recruit_character = BUL_stoyan_stoyanov_bftb
recruit_character = BUL_dobri_bozhilov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_drenikov
recruit_character = BUL_stoyan_trendafilov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_variklechkov
recruit_character = BUL_kiril_dimitrov_yanchule
recruit_character = BUL_gancho_manchev
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_boydev
recruit_character = BUL_kimon_georgiev
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_ivanov_kyoseivanov_bftb
recruit_character = BUL_dimitr_ayryanov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_hadzipetkov
recruit_character = BUL_stefan_stefanov
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_kolarov
recruit_character = BUL_asen_toshev
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_petkov
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_boydev_bftb
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_totev_markov

set_technology = { #player
	basic_train = 1
	############### infantry #############
	infantry_weapons = 1  
	fuel_silos = 1
	field_equipment = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	special_equipment = 1
	tech_radio_1 = 1 
	############### supports ############
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	############### artillery ##############
	artillery1 = 1 
	gw_pack_artillery = 1
	axis_light_tank_1934 = 1 
	axis_motorised_infantry = 1
	axis_tech_armored_cars = 1

	
	############## aircraft ##############
	fighter_1934 = 1
	
	################# economy ############
	starting_industry = 1
	
}

if = { #DLC
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Battle for the Bosporus"
	}

	###################
	#### 3D MODELS ####
	###################

	#Cosmetic tags used (3D models will look for these cosmetic tags when hooking themselves):
	#BUL_communism
	#BUL_democratic
	#BUL_fascism
	#BUL_neutrality
	set_cosmetic_tag = BUL_neutrality

	#IDEAS SETUP
	add_ideas = { #DLC
		ROM_ger_trade_treaty
		BUL_second_national_catastrophe
		BUL_army_restrictions
		BUL_imro_01
		BUL_georgi_ivanov_kyoseivanov_bftb
		volunteer_only
	}

	#Army limitations due to Treaty of Neuilly sur Seine
	set_rule = { #DLC
		can_not_declare_war = yes
	}

	#SET FLAGS AND VARIABLES
	randomize_variable = {
		var = BUL_tsars_destination
		distribution = uniform
		min = 2
		max = 13
	}
	round_variable = BUL_tsars_destination
	randomize_variable = {
		var = BUL_march_destination
		distribution = uniform
		min = 2
		max = 13
	}
	round_variable = BUL_march_destination

	#International Relations
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = GRE
		modifier = BFTB_incongruous_neighbors
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = ROM
		modifier = BFTB_incongruous_neighbors
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = TUR
		modifier = BFTB_incongruous_neighbors
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = YUG
		modifier = BFTB_incongruous_neighbors
	}

	#DLC POLIICS
	set_popularities = { #DLC
		democratic = 10
		fascism = 30
		neutrality = 55
		communism = 5
	}

	set_party_name = { # DLC
		ideology = democratic
		name = BUL_democratic_party_bftb
		long_name = BUL_democratic_party_bftb_long
	}

	#DLC LEADERS
	create_country_leader = { #DLC
		name = "Boris III"
		desc = "POLITICS_BORIS_III_DESC"
		picture = "Portrait_Bulgaria_Boris_III.dds"
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = despotism
		traits = {
			tsar_unifier
		}
	}

	create_country_leader = { #DLC
		name = "Georgi Dimitrov"
		desc = "POLITICS_GEORGI_DIMITROV_DESC"
		picture = GFX_portrait_bul_georgi_dimitrov
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = stalinism
		traits = {
			the_hero_of_the_leipzig_trials
		}
	}

	create_country_leader = { #DLC
		name = "Nikola Mushanov" 
		desc = "POLITICS_NIKOLA_MUSHANOV_DESC"
		picture = GFX_portrait_bul_nikola_mushanov
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = liberalism
		traits = {
			appeaser
		}
	}

	create_country_leader = { #DLC
		name = "Hristo Lukov"
		desc = "POLITICS_HRISTO_LUKOV_DESC"
		picture = "GFX_Portrait_bulgaria_hristo_lukov"
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = fascism_ideology
		traits = {
			hardened_officer
		}
	}

	create_navy_leader = { #DLC
		name = "Atanas Shalapatov"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_bul_atanas_shalapatov
		traits = { gentlemanly old_guard_navy }
		skill = 2
		attack_skill = 1
		defense_skill = 2
		maneuvering_skill = 2
		coordination_skill = 2
	}

	create_field_marshal = { #DLC
		name = "Nikola Mihailov Mihov"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_bul_nikola_mihov
		id = 1201 #Used to retire him when embracing communism
		traits = { fortress_buster career_officer politically_connected }
		skill = 4
		attack_skill = 4
		defense_skill = 2
		planning_skill = 3
		logistics_skill = 3
	}

	create_corps_commander = { #DLC
		name = "Georgi Popov"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_bul_georgi_popov
		id = 1202 #Used to allow him to be randomly selected to sympathize with the FF
		traits = { war_hero skilled_staffer infantry_officer }
		skill = 4
		attack_skill = 3
		defense_skill = 3
		planning_skill = 3
		logistics_skill = 4
	}

	create_corps_commander = { #DLC
		name = "Nikola Hadzhipetkov"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_bul_nikola_hadzipetkov
		id = 1203 #Used to retire him when signing tripartite
		traits = { brilliant_strategist infantry_officer organizer }
		skill = 4
		attack_skill = 2
		defense_skill = 4
		planning_skill = 4
		logistics_skill = 3
	}

	create_corps_commander = { #DLC
		name = "Vasil Tenev Boydev"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_bul_vasil_boydev
		id = 1204 #Used to retire him when signing tripartite or embracing communism
		traits = { panzer_leader brilliant_strategist trait_engineer expert_improviser }
		skill = 4
		attack_skill = 4
		defense_skill = 3
		planning_skill = 2
		logistics_skill = 2
	}

	create_corps_commander = { #DLC
		name = "Ivan Markov"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_bul_ivan_markov
		id = 1205
		traits = { motorized_leader trait_reckless }
		skill = 4
		attack_skill = 4
		defense_skill = 2
		planning_skill = 3
		logistics_skill = 3
	}

	create_corps_commander = { #DLC
		name = "Georgi Markov"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_bul_georgi_markov
		id = 1206
		traits = { old_guard infantry_leader }
		skill = 3
		attack_skill = 4
		defense_skill = 4
		planning_skill = 2
		logistics_skill = 2
	}

	create_corps_commander = { #DLC
		name = "Asen Nikolov"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_bul_asen_nikolov
		id = 1207 #Used to retire him when embracing communism
		traits = { career_officer infantry_officer }
		skill = 3
		attack_skill = 3
		defense_skill = 2
		planning_skill = 2
		logistics_skill = 3
	}

	create_corps_commander = { #DLC
		name = "Konstantin Lukash"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_bul_konstantin_lukash
		id = 1208 #Used to retire him when embracing communism
		traits = { infantry_officer }
		skill = 2
		attack_skill = 1
		defense_skill = 2
		planning_skill = 3
		logistics_skill = 1
	}

	create_corps_commander = { #DLC
		name = "Nikola Stoychev"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_bul_nikola_stoychev
		id = 1209 #Used to retire him when embracing communism
		traits = { trait_cautious  }
		skill = 2
		attack_skill = 2
		defense_skill = 2
		planning_skill = 1
		logistics_skill = 2
	}

	create_corps_commander = { #DLC
		name = "Damian Velchev"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_bul_damyan_velchev
		id = 1210
		traits = { harsh_leader trait_reckless trait_BUL_zveno_member }
		skill = 2
		attack_skill = 3
		defense_skill = 1
		planning_skill = 1
		logistics_skill = 2
	}

	create_corps_commander = { #DLC
		name = "Angel Dotsev"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_bul_angel_dotsev
		id = 1211
		traits = { organizer }
		skill = 3
		attack_skill = 3
		defense_skill = 3
		planning_skill = 2
		logistics_skill = 3
	}

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "La Resistance"
		}
		create_operative_leader = { #DLC
			name = "Vladimir Zaimov"
			GFX = GFX_portrait_bul_vladimir_zaimov
			traits = { operative_infiltrator operative_commando }
			bypass_recruitment = no
			available_to_spy_master = yes
			nationalities = { BUL }
		}
	}

	#TECHNOLOGY
	set_research_slots = 4 #DLC

	#RULING PARTY
	set_politics = { #DLC
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1935.1.22"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}

	else = { #VANILLA
		#SET UP IDEAS
		add_ideas = { #VANILLA
			limited_conscription
		}

		#POLITICS
		set_popularities = { #VANILLA
			democratic = 5
			fascism = 35
			neutrality = 60
		}
		set_politics = { #VANILLA
			ruling_party = neutrality
			last_election = "1931.6.21"
			election_frequency = 48
			elections_allowed = no
		}

		#COUNTRY AND MILITARY LEADERS
		create_country_leader = { #VANILLA
			name = "Boris III"
			desc = "POLITICS_BORIS_III_DESC"
			picture = "Portrait_Bulgaria_Boris_III.dds"
			expire = "1965.1.1"
			ideology = despotism
			traits = {
				#
			}
		}

		create_country_leader = { #VANILLA
			name = "Georgi Dimitrov"
			desc = "POLITICS_GEORGI_DIMITROV_DESC"
			picture = "Portrait_Bulgaria_Georgi_Dimitrov.dds"
			expire = "1965.1.1"
			ideology = leninism
			traits = {
				#
			}
		}

		create_country_leader = { #VANILLA
			name = "Nikola Petkov" 
			desc = "POLITICS_NIKOLA_PETKOV_DESC"
			picture = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_2.dds"
			expire = "1965.1.1"
			ideology = socialism
			traits = {
				#
			}
		}

		create_country_leader = { #VANILLA
			name = "Hristo Lukov"
			desc = "POLITICS_HRISTO_LUKOV_DESC"
			picture = "GFX_Portrait_bulgaria_hristo_lukov"
			expire = "1965.1.1"
			ideology = fascism_ideology
			traits = {
				#
			}
		}

		create_corps_commander = { #VANILLA
			name = "Vasil Tenev Boydev"
			portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_1.dds"
			traits = { panzer_leader brilliant_strategist trait_engineer }
			skill = 4
			attack_skill = 5
			defense_skill = 3
			planning_skill = 2
			logistics_skill = 3
		}

		create_field_marshal = { #VANILLA
			name = "Georgi Nikolov Popov"
			portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
			traits = { defensive_doctrine }
			skill = 4
			attack_skill = 3
			defense_skill = 4
			planning_skill = 3
			logistics_skill = 4
		}
	}

}
