capital = 219

oob = "SOV_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "SOV_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "SOV_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}
set_variable = { SOV_china_army_xp_gain_var = 0.3 }
set_variable = { SOV_china_pp_gain_var = 0.5 }
set_variable = { var = SOV_air_agility_factor_var value = -0.25 }
set_variable = { var = SOV_ground_attack_factor_var value = -0.25 }

recruit_character = SOV_kliment_voroshilov
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_timoshenko
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_golikov
recruit_character = SOV_joseph_stalin
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rodzaevsky
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_fyodorovich_kerensky
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_guchkov
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_chuikov
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rokossovsky
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_vasilevsky
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_vatutin
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_konev
recruit_character = SOV_boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_budyonny
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_chernyakhovsky
recruit_character = SOV_issa_pliyev
recruit_character = SOV_leonid_govorov
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_kulik
recruit_character = SOV_kirill_meretskov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_yeryomenko
recruit_character = SOV_georgiy_zakharov
recruit_character = SOV_yakov_cherevichenko
recruit_character = SOV_max_reyter
recruit_character = SOV_nikandr_chibisov
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_vlasov
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_fedyuninsky
recruit_character = SOV_maksim_purkayev
recruit_character = SOV_kuzma_galitsky
recruit_character = SOV_markian_popov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_berzarin
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_gorbatov
recruit_character = SOV_kirill_moskalenko
recruit_character = SOV_dmitry_lelyushenko
recruit_character = SOV_andrei_grechko
recruit_character = SOV_rodion_malinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_oktyabrskiy
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_gorshkov
recruit_character = SOV_gordey_levchenko
recruit_character = SOV_arseniy_golovko
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kasatonov
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_zhigarev
recruit_character = SOV_sergei_khudyakov
recruit_character = SOV_stepan_krasovsky
recruit_character = SOV_georgy_zhukov_chief
recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_frinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_yumashev
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_novikov
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_vershinin
recruit_character = SOV_yakov_smushkevich
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_rychagov
#recruit_character = SOV_soviet_vsevolod_merkulov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_kalinin
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_yezhov
recruit_character = SOV_lavrentiy_beria
recruit_character = SOV_vyacheslav_molotov
recruit_character = SOV_nikita_khrushchev
recruit_character = SOV_lazar_kaganovich
recruit_character = SOV_andrei_zhdanov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_bulganin
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_vyshinsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_proskurov
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_maisky
recruit_character = SOV_sergei_kruglov
recruit_character = SOV_mikoyan_anastas_ivanovich
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_yegorov
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_blyukher
recruit_character = SOV_boris_lvovich_vannikov
recruit_character = SOV_josip_broz_tito


set_research_slots = 5

set_variable = { var = stalin_paranoia value = 20 }
set_variable = { var = progress_5_year_plan value = 60 }

add_ideas = {
	SOV_cant_send_volunteers
	closed_economy
	trotskyite_plot
	home_of_revolution
	stalins_reign_of_terror_6
	SOV_idea_2_5_year_plan	
	SOV_STAVKA1
	SOV_military_industrial_complex_1
	SOV_gulag_economy_1
	SOV_recovering_from_the_civil_war
	SOV_home_of_revolution_no_naval_invasions
}	
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = TAN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
	}
	else = {
		puppet = TAN
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MON
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
	}
	else = {
		puppet = MON
	}
}
starting_train_buffer = 2

# Starting tech
set_technology = { #player 
	basic_train = 1
	################## infantry #############
	infantry_weapons = 1  
	support_weapons = 1
	fuel_silos = 1 
	field_equipment = 1 
	tech_radio_1 = 1 
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	special_equipment = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	paratroopers2 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	tech_dig_1 = 1
	sov_motorised_infantry = 1
	sov_tech_armored_cars = 1
	########### Support ########
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_flamer = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	################## artillery ############
	artillery1 = 1 
	artillery2 = 1
	artillery3 = 1
	field_gun = 1
	field_gun2_1 = 1
	field_gun2_2 = 1
	field_gun2_2 = 1
	gw_pack_artillery = 1
	pack_artillery_m_1 = 1
	pack_artillery1 = 1
	heavy_artillery1 = 1
	heavy_antiair = 1
	heavy_antiair_1 = 1
	heavy_antiair_2 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	siege_artillery1 = 1
	######### aircraft############
	sov_fighter_1934 = 1
	sov_fighter_1936 = 1
	sov_strategic_bomber_1934 = 1
	sov_tactical_bomber_1934 = 1
	sov_tactical_bomber_1936 = 1
	sov_naval_bomber_1936 = 1

	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	############## economy ###########
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	starting_industry = 1
	SOV_light_infantry = 1
	tech_light_infantry = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
}

  
	############ armor ############
	if = {
		limit = {
			 has_dlc = "No Step Back" 
		}
		set_technology = {
		    amphibious_tank_chassis_sov = 1
			sov_nsb_tech_armored_cars2 = 1
			sov_1934_light_tank_chassis = 1
			sov_1936_light_tank_chassis = 1
			sov_1936_medium_tank_chassis = 1
			sov_1934_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
			unlock_modules = 1
			automatic_gun = 1
			small_gun = 1
			small_gun2 = 1
			support_gun = 1
			armour_sloping = 1
			engine_tech_1 = 1
			engine_tech_2 = 1
			automatic_gun2 = 1
		}
	}


	if = {
		limit = {
			not = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
		}
		set_technology = {
        	sov_tech_armored_cars2 = 1
	        sov_light_tank_1934 = 1 
        	sov_light_tank_1936 = 1
	        sov_heavy_tank_1934 = 1
	        sov_basic_tank_engines = 1
        	sov_rivetted_armour = 1
		}
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-27"
		type = light_tank_rocket_chassis_1934
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_casemate_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			armor_sloping_slot = unsloped_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/land/sov/t27.tga"
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-26 Obr.31"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1934
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			armor_sloping_slot = unsloped_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/land/sov/t26e.tga"
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "OT-26"
		type = light_tank_flame_chassis_1934
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			armor_sloping_slot = unsloped_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = flamethrower
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/land/sov/t26e.tga"
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-26 Obr.33"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1934
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			armor_sloping_slot = unsloped_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/land/sov/sov_light_t26.tga"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "BT-2"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1936
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			armor_sloping_slot = unsloped_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 8
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/land/sov/bt2.tga"
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "BT-5"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1936
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			armor_sloping_slot = unsloped_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 8
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/land/sov/bt5.tga"
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "BT-7"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1936
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			armor_sloping_slot = unsloped_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			radio_slot = tank_radio_1
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 8
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/land/sov/bt7.tga"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-28"
		type = medium_tank_chassis_1936
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_close_support_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_medium_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			armor_sloping_slot = unsloped_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			radio_slot = tank_radio_1
			special_type_slot_1 = secondary_turret_hmg
			special_type_slot_2 = secondary_turret_hmg
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 9
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/land/sov/SOV_medium_tank_1.tga"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-35A"
		type = heavy_tank_chassis_1934
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_close_support_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_heavy_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			armor_sloping_slot = unsloped_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			radio_slot = tank_radio_1
			special_type_slot_1 = secondary_turret_small_cannon_big
			special_type_slot_2 = secondary_turret_hmg_big
			special_type_slot_3 = secondary_turret_hmg_big
			special_type_slot_4 = secondary_turret_small_cannon_big
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 9
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/land/sov/SOV_heavy_tank_1.tga"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-37A"
		type = amphibious_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			armor_sloping_slot = unsloped_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 0
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/land/sov/t37.tga"
	}
	
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		transport = 1 
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {

		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
		sonar = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		improved_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1 
	}
}

set_convoys = 400
set_stability = 0.75
set_war_support = 0.6

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 16
	fascism = 1
	communism = 69
	neutrality = 14
}

create_faction = Comintern
add_to_faction = SOV
add_to_faction = MON
add_to_faction = TAN


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Alexander Radó"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_alexander_rado
		traits = { operative_natural_orator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV HUN }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Kim Philby"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_kim_philby
		traits = { operative_double_agent operative_infiltrator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV ENG }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Richard Sorge"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_richard_sorge
		traits = { operative_well_groomed }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV GER }
	}
}
### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series I Debakrist"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series IX Srednyaya"
		type = submarine_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leningrad & Minsk Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 3
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {			
		name = "AG Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series I Debakrist"			# represents Debakrist, B class, L-55 sub
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series V Shchuka"				# represents Shchuka series III, V, V-bis, V-bis-2
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series IX Srednyaya"				# 'Stalinets', series IX, IX-bis, IX-bis-2 and P-class
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = SOV_SS_STALINETS
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fidonisi/Orfey Class"						# represents Fidonisi and Izyaslav classes
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leningrad & Minsk Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Chervona Ukraina Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kirov Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = SOV_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			}
		}
	# Battleships #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Marat Class"					
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = SOV_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
	}
}

# 1939 Start #
1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		# Ship variants #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Series X Shchuka"
			type = submarine_2
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
				sub_engine_upgrade = 3
				sub_stealth_upgrade = 3
				sub_torpedo_upgrade = 3
			}
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Maxim Gorky Class"
			type = heavy_cruiser_2
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_armor_upgrade = 2
				ship_gun_upgrade = 2
			}
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		# Submarines #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Series XIII Leninets"				
			type = ship_hull_submarine_2
			name_group = SOV_SS_LENINETS
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Series XIV K-Class"				
			type = ship_hull_submarine_3
			name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_3
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			}
		}
		# Destroyers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Gnevnyy Class"				
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Soobrazitelnyi Class"				
			type = ship_hull_light_3
			name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tashkent Class"				
			type = ship_hull_light_3
			name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_3
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
		}
		# Heavy Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kirov Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = SOV_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			}
		}
	}
}